from the catholic university of murcia
we welcome you to this simple
tutorial in which we will detail you of
a quick and concise way how
request the recognition of credits
to access the request for
credit recognition can do
through the web www.carm.es section
admission
inside the page that will appear
select credit recognition in
the list of quick links
If you are a new student, also
You can find the link for the
application on tab number 4 of your
pre-registration
the request for recognition of
credits is the official document that
must present the student in a
obliged to recognize subjects if
you have recognitions in blocks
you do not have to make this request
to complete the request for
credit recognition has to
follow the next steps
Enter your username and password to
access will be the same as you were sent
by email at the time of
pre-registration
read the instructions carefully and
press continue
If you previously selected in your
registration subjects in state
pending recognition will have the option
to import them automatically
accepting the message that appears
a tab with the
ID of the student and their first and last names
as well as the academic course if
I select the option to import
subjects will appear in the list
of subjects requested
if you have not imported the subjects
select the drop-down subjects
the one that wants to recognize and press the
green arrow that is at
your right to download the subject to the
list
if you want to select more subjects
repeat the process
within the list of subjects
requested to the right of each of
they will appear an icon to access the
form where you must complete the
data of the subjects
the icon with the X in red
allows you to eliminate the subject in the
list in the case of having selected it
by mistake
Once the form is open, they will appear
at the bottom of the screen
five tabs
you should select whatever
suitable to your request
these tabs correspond to
university when you request the
subject or subjects by
university degrees cycle
formative when what you request is for
a formative cycle of higher grade or
equivalent work experience when
it is intended to recognize credits for
official master's professional experience
when what you request is for a
recognized postgraduate level
european unofficial master if requested
for a proper title or any other
non-university degree that supposes
credit recognition
once the data of the
subject you are requesting is accurate
save them before moving on to the next
subject
a box will appear in the part
Top of the form with the data
that you saved by default will remain
the fields entered in the form
in order to make your job easier
at the time of filling in the rest of
subjects should only change
the data that vary from one to another
once the form has been completed
you must validate the request
from this moment you can not do
modifications if you had committed any
error you should contact
Central Secretariat Service
recognition of credits for
unlock the request
finally you must print the application
and deliver it to the central secretary for
that has validity
this request must be accompanied by
the original documentation or copies
certified by requesting
acknowledgments if requested
acknowledgments for subjects studied
in another university you have to deliver
the sealed programs of the school
faculty or corresponding department
and the academic certificate in case of
I would not have done it before
We appreciate the trust placed in
our university and we wish that the
information provided has been
interest for you
we are at your disposal for any
query that you want to make through
the following routes central secretariat
credit recognition